h2. 2009-12

* [NEW] Day, Week and Month views
* [FIXED] gathering bug, hopefully

h2. 2009-12-09

* [CHANGED] Wind Chill is in the graph now
* [NEW] prototype of mobile site at http://m.weatherham.com
* [NEW] trying out barometer direction

h2. 2009-12-07

* [NEW] Wind Chill in temp tooltip

h2. 2009-12-05

* [CHANGED] optimized data gather, gathering data should be faster by a couple of orders of magnitude

h2. 2009-12-03

* [NEW] weatherham now has a design

h2. 2009-11-29

* [CHANGED] optimize load time by not sending unnecessary fields, cutting initial data load in half
* [NEW] you can now pan to earlier times by clicking near the edge of the graph
* [CHANGED] better activity indicator

h2. 2009-11-25

* [NEW] tooltips are back! (with wind direction)
* [NEW] add humidity
* [CHANGED] checkboxes are now the labels

h2. 2009-11-24

* [NEW] re-architected to optimize and cache data, everything should be faster now
* [NEW] add CHANGELOG
* [REMOVED] panning support, will be replaced with navigation (coming soon)
* [REMOVED] tooltips, they will come back!

h2. 2009-11-17

* [FIXED] weatherham now works in IE

h2. 2009-11-16

* [NEW] tooltip
* [CHANGED] barometer scale and the other side are now fixed to the max and min for the entire dataset
* [CHANGED] barometer scale is now better
* [NEW] marking for 1 atmosphere on barometer scale

h2. 2009-11-14

* [NEW] activity indicator
* [NEW] panning

h2. 2009-11-09

* [NEW] gather data in the background after a request, this way we stay more up to date
